#1:
#1: Carrying wooden boards on the pedestrian road
#1: Pedestrians carry wooden boards on the road in violation of the Metropolitan Police Act 1839. The maximum fine is 500 pounds.
TOM: Hi, I am Tom.
MATT: And I am Matt
I tried to make the most of the law today.
TOM: But there are two conditions in the law. The first need is effective.
And the 嗰啲 嗰啲 约克 约克 约克 (York) border with a crossbow to shoot the Welsh people
MATT: The second law is low-powered
#2:
#2: Singing a vulgar song on the street
#2: Singing a singular song on the street violates the Town Police Bylaw 1847. The maximum fine is 1,000 pounds or 14 days in prison.
CeeLo Green – Fuck You ♪I see you drivin' round town with the girl I love
♪and I'm like, f--♪
#3:
#3: Skiing or ice
#3: Ski or ice violates the Metropolitan Police Act 1839 with a maximum fine of 500 pounds
[Wind] [Photographed earlier (when there is snow)]
[call?]
#4:
#4: 喺 Bar drunk
#4: 喺 Bar drunk violation of the license law 1872 maximum fine of 200 pounds
Ayyyyy!
#5:
#5: Destroying the currency
#5: Destroy currency violation currency and banknote law 1928 Maximum penalty 200 pounds
[giggle]
#6:
#6: Flying a kite in public
#6: Kite flying in public violates the Metropolitan Police Act 1839 with a maximum fine of 200 pounds
Let me fly a kite in public.
I am flying a kite, Gong Gong-♪
#7:
#7: Launching cannon within three hundred yards outside the house
#7: Launching a cannon within three hundred yards outside the house violates the Metropolitan Police Act 1839. The maximum fine is 200 pounds.
MATT: 192, 193, 194 ...
Tom, the law is good.
I miss my room and cannon bombs (!)
#8:
#8: After burying the tunnel, it is buried.
#8: After the completion of the underground gate, the violation of the town police bylaw 1847, the maximum fine of 1,000 pounds or 14 days of imprisonment
[knock]
#9:
#9: After the 8 o'clock in the morning, the street door mat
#9: After 8 o'clock in the morning, the street door mat violates the town police bylaw 1847. The maximum fine is 1,000 pounds or 14 days in prison.
TOM: Nothing is nothing - nothing
Break the law! Break the law! Break the law!
#10:
#10: Suspiciously touching salmon
#10: Suspiciously Handling Salmon Violation of Salmon Act 1986 Maximum Uncapped Fine or Imprisonment for 2 Years
In this case, the salmon should be used to commit crimes.
Yeah! Your Majesty.. Do you?
MATT: Deliberately hurting someone else's body (!)
Dependence
TOM: 掂
That... that's not very good.
Let me fly a kite in public... ♪
I am flying a kite, Gong Gong-♪